---
tags:
---

## Relevant Timeline

- 
## Tasks

- [ ] Complete proofreading


Copy-editor queries

1) p. 1, line 1: Your article is registered as a regular item and is being processed for inclusion in a regular issue of the journal. If this is NOT correct and your article belongs to a Special
Issue/Collection please contact p.m@elsevier.com immediately prior to returning your
corrections.

Reply: The article is correctly registered as a regular item.

2) p. 3, line 101: Please check subject-verb agreement: "The lowest $p_{\text{T}}$ threshold in the single-
lepton triggers are...", and correct if necessary.

Reply: We suggest the following correction: "are" -> "is"

3) p. 3, line 127: Please check subject-verb agreement: "the identification SFs are calculated ...", and correct
if necessary.

Reply: The sentence is correct.

4) p. 4, line 59: Please check subject-verb agreement: "the expected contribution from the events
with fake or non-prompt leptons account ...", and correct if necessary.

Reply: We suggest the following correction: "account" -> "accounts"

5) p. 10, line 29: The author names have been tagged as given names and surnames (surnames are
highlighted in teal color). Please confirm if they have been identified correctly and are
presented in the desired order.

-

6) p. 26, line 1: One or more sponsor names and the sponsor country identifier may have been edited to a standard format that enables better searching and identification of your article. Please check and correct if necessary.

-​
​

General comments and corrections

1) p. 3, line 77-78: Event -> Events
2) p.5, line 126: was -> is
3) p.6, line 47: was -> is (?)
4) p.6, line 96-97: "The obtained values for the parameters \xtt and \ratio have" -> "The obtained values for the parameters \xtt\ and \ratio\ have". Add backslash in order to add space between words.

